-- the shitpost "week" --

so you might be wondering who the fuck this 'helpe' guy is, why is he everywhere??
if you are up to date on your martian mixtape extreme lore you may remember helpey 
was originally a concept for week 5, then week 6. after the week got pushed over, hhelpey ended up being cancelled/unused

then one day i (pixloen/neolixn, that guy) was in vc with the boys/fellas/folks and i ended up sketching out a concept of hhellpey and bf in a c64 style. one thing let to the other, and i joined martian mixtape as a charter/artist. 

i kinda went insane and ended taking up music as well, so basically hherllpey was kinda my biggest contribution to martian mixtape. you can see all of the art/music here

-- the ideas for the bitch

the concept for hherallpey was to initially be the tutorial 'mascot', so he'd have a unique c64 style as well as bf animations and ui. hherallpeye was designed to be in the same vein as clippy and bonzi-buddy, being a desktop assistant.

idea 1 - when selecting the tutorial, hherkallpeye would appear on the screen with a text box saying something along the lines of 'hey, you want to learn how to rap right?' with a yes/no option underneath. if you selected no, then he'd say 'then why'd you select the tutorial, bitch' and vanish

idea 2 - hhearkallpeye actually really hates martian mixtape because he didn't get a full week, and has a personal grudge toward the game in general. selecting the alt tutorial would bring up a small cutscene where bf accidentally finds hhearkallpeiye in his room searching 'how to get a week in fnf'. hshearkallpeiye would then notice bf, be shocked for a second, then tell him to get the fuck out. 

idea 3 - hshearkallpeiyea would have a secret song, in which he'd crash the game, which made a fake error log and would then boot up the game in 'safe mode' which was the c64 pixel art stuff. hshearkarllpeiyea would then start song 1, and go 'finally i got my own fucking week'

except it wasn't a week, its a single song, and also the background is default fnf stage, not even changed to match the c64 style. hshearkarllpeiyeae would proceed to get mega pissed and vent his anger onto bf.

-- pixl's note (i was planning on making the chart extremely mean, seriously contemplating a 32 note-long 16th jack somewhere in there, but im saving that for something else now)

one of the concepts for gimmicks was for hhshearkarllpeiyeae to fake you out, and send you to the chart editor screen. after a few seconds, the song would continue, and you'd have to play the song inside the chart editor.

another one of the ideas was for hhshhearkarllpeiyeae to either become extra angy or corrupted, ala fnf week 6. this idea didn't really go anywhere, but -the eye- is a thing now.

that's really it for all the concepts for helpy, a bit of a shame that it got cancelled but in true helpy spirit he didn't get shit done for him, what a loser amirite




